MemberInfo
create table memberInfo(
memberIndex bigint primary key,
memberId varchar(20),
memberRole varchar(20),
memberName varchar(20),
memberPass varchar(50),
dateCreated datetime,
memberPhone varchar(40),
memberEmail varchar(50),
lastCheck datetime,
cookie text
)

RestaurantInfo
create table restaurantInfo(
resIndex bigint primary key,
resCategory varchar(30),
resPostName varchar(200),
resName varchar(100),
resComment varchar(300),
resLocate varchar(30),
resMember varchar(20),
resRecommend bigint,
resPostDate datetime,
resImgLocate text,
resLatLng varchar(300),
resRecommendCookie text
)

ResComment
create table resComment(
commentIndex bigint primary key,
resIndex bigint,
commentMember varchar(20),
commentTime timestamp,
comment text
)